Backtick HTTP return codes (#160)
AMWA-TV/nmos-discovery-registration: docs/3.2. Discovery - Peer to Peer Operation.md

| `ver_snd`           | `/senders`                          |
| `ver_rcv`           | `/receivers`                        |

> The value of each of the above SHOULD be an unsigned 8-bit integer initialised to 0. This integer MUST be incremented and mDNS TXT record updated whenever a change is made to the corresponding HTTP API resource on the Node. The integer MUST wrap back to a value of 0 after reaching a maximum value of 255 (MAX_UINT8_T).

Reviewer: Hmm, this now reads even less like it means the _text representation of_ an unsigned 8-bit integer? [RFC 6763 Section 6.5](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6763#section-6.5) says the value is often ASCII or UTF-8 but can be opaque binary data. This probably needs a rewrite. :-/

Reviewer: Suggestion... although, does something similar then need to be done to `pri` everywhere? Maybe it's not necessary... or maybe just deleting "unsigned 8-bit" instead of adding "the text representation of" would make it sound less like binary representation of the integer was meant...

```suggestion
The value of each of the above SHOULD be the text representation of an unsigned 8-bit integer initialised to 0. This integer MUST be incremented and mDNS TXT record updated whenever a change is made to the corresponding HTTP API resource on the Node. The integer MUST wrap back to a value of 0 after reaching a maximum value of 255.
```
